Who firstly wrote a series about Thanksgiving?
Only America celebrates the day. True or false?
When did Thanksgiving originate?
Which American President announced Thanksgiving?
Thanksgiving occurs on which Thursday of Every November?
Which year labor thanksgiving established in Japan?
In Canada, when is Thanksgiving celebrated?
Which sauce is a traditional sauce for Thanksgiving?
Name the only place in Australia, which celebrates Thanksgiving?
Name the chief of Wampanoag tribe?
Who opened the Plymouth Plantation, which also offers free Thanksgiving meals to the visitors?
Who was the captain of the ship 'Mayflower'?
How many Pilgrims included in the first Thanksgiving?
How many Wampanoag included in the first Thanksgiving?
Which cutlery item invented after 10 years of the first Thanksgiving?
Turkey was the part of the first Thanksgiving meal. Is the statement True or False?
What was the name of the magazine in which Sarah Hales wrote letters and editorials about Thanksgiving?
How does America's Thanksgiving Parade conclude?
The Korean Thanksgiving festival lasts for how many days?
On the thanksgiving in Japan, where do the kids give their drawings?
When did the people of Puerto Rico celebrate Thanksgiving Day?
Which American State produces the most Turkeys in the U.S?
How many years Sarah Joseph wrote editorials letters to convince the American President for celebrating the Thanksgiving Day?
According to the Guinness book of world records, how much the heaviest Turkey weighs?
What's the busiest travel day of the year?
Which year did the Thanksgiving day become an official Holiday?
Each year in the U.S., approximately how many Turkeys are eaten on Thanksgiving Day?
Cornucopia means?
For Americans, Thanksgiving is a national holiday. What's that for the Canadians?
Do Jews celebrate Thanksgiving Day?
Halloween is after Thanksgiving. True or false.
In which year, America's Thanksgiving Parade begin?
America's Thanksgiving Parade is an inspiration of which parade?
How many Pilgrims were on the Mayflower?
When do the people of Norfolk Island celebrate Thanksgiving?
Where did Pilgrims land in America?
Which American President refused to declare the Thanksgiving as a national Holiday?
What was the name of Pilgrims' ship?
Does England officially celebrate Thanksgiving?
Instead of balloons, what were included in the Macy's first Thanksgiving parade?
What was the original name of pilgrims?
Where did the first Thanksgiving hold?
Name the only baby born in the ship Mayflower?
The Pumpkins are native to North America, but where does the pumpkin pie have its origin?
The feathers of Turkey are used for?
In Macy's Thanksgiving Parade, More than 40 gallons of fluorescent paint and 5 barrels of glitter were used to create the flames of which character?
The word Turkey has originated from a Hebrew word. Tell that.
Which year Thanksgiving was celebrated on the third Thursday of November?
Which President shifted the Thanksgiving celebrations on the third Thursday of November?
Name the bird that is the main course of most of the tables in the U.S. every Thanksgiving was once threatened with extinction.
When did it switch back to the fourth Thursday again?
Each year it is one of the most important parts of the Thanksgiving meal. But those who get pardoned from the President enjoy vacations. What's that?
Who wrote the book Of Plymouth Plantation?
Which country celebrates thanksgiving festival on the fifteenth of the eighth month of the lunar calendar?
According to a worldwide report, approximately how much pumpkin pies are eaten on Thanksgiving?
Captain John Smith found which colony in Virginia?
In the whole year which day is the busiest for the plumbers?
Which state firstly adopted Thanksgiving as a national holiday?
Name the food served at the first Thanksgiving but not presented now?
How many feathers a grown Turkey has?
Which year Virginia adopted thanksgiving and become the first among all states?
Three thousand years back, the Native Americans domesticated Turkey for which of its thing?
Name the company that created green bean casserole?
Which year Macy's Christmas parade changed its name to Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade?
Who wrote the poem 'The Courtship of Miles Standish'?
Mashed potatoes were served at the first Thanksgiving meal. Is that true or false?
On Thanksgiving, what is the standard dessert for the Canadians?
Who made the barrels for a beer that pilgrims took with them on the voyage?
How many American towns are named after the nation's bird?
Which year did the formality of pardoning Turkey begin?
The red wobbly piece on the beak of Turkey is known as?
Which place in Turkey is best for putting the meat thermometer?
Male Turkeys are called as?
Which meat did the Native Americans bring to the first Thanksgiving?
According to estimation, baby turkeys are ugly. Is that true or false?
When the Congress did approve fourth Thursday of November as a Thanksgiving Day?
You must put already cooked (and fresh) stuffing in Turkey. True or False?
According to estimation, what percentage of American people eats Turkey on Thanksgiving?
In the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade, which balloon has appeared more than any other?
Name the place situated at Plymouth, Massachusetts, which tells about the Thanksgiving of 17th century?
Upper Turkey foot and Lower Turkey foot are the two townships in which American state?
For Americans, which game is as important as Turkey meal is?
When the town of Plymouth celebrates Forefather's Day?
How long is the Macy's Thanksgiving parade?
Which year the Continental Congress Proclaimed Thanksgiving in America?
During which war the original Plymouth Rock cracked?
After which year, all American territories and states begun celebrating Thanksgiving?
What was the first TV dinner that was sold?
What does Japan celebrate on 23rd November?
In 1541, who held the Thanksgiving celebration in Palo Duro Canyon?
What's the day before the Thanksgiving is famous for?
Who is known as the mother of Thanksgiving?
How many townships of Kansas named after Turkey?
In which month, the Germans celebrate Harvest Thanksgiving Festival?
What's the Korean name for thanksgiving festival?
What part of Turkey is used in the good luck ritual on Thanksgiving Day?
The first Canadian Thanksgiving is often traced back to which year?
At least how many women participated in the first Thanksgiving festival?
What's the former name of 6abc Dunkin' Donuts Thanksgiving Day Parade?
There is a country which celebrates thanksgiving same as America, but on the first Thursday of November.Name that.
Which song was originally a Thanksgiving song composed for children to sing in a Boston Sunday School celebrations?
Americans eat the weight of approximately which country's population as Turkeys?
What's the original name of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade?
What's the current name of the oldest Thanksgiving parade?
Which NFL team always played on the Thanksgiving except WWII?
The chicks of Turkey are known as?
Female Turkeys are called as?
Martin Frobisher held a Thanksgiving not for the harvest, but for what?
Americans eat Turkey on Thanksgiving. What do the Koreans eat?
In which American state the real first Thanksgiving held?
Which year did the Turkeys arrive in Europe?
Which war inspired Abraham Lincoln to proclaim Thanksgiving an annual holiday?
In 1953, how much Turkeys Swanson ordered mistakenly?
Which American president termed thanksgiving's national holiday as a ridiculous Proposition?
Which other team than the Detroit Lions has been playing on Thanksgiving Day since 1966?
Some researchers trace the origin of Thanksgiving in Canada through the settlers of which country?
Which year the real first Thanksgiving held?
What was the first meal of enjoyed by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin?
Turkeys cannot fly. True or False?
How much a berry must bounce to ensure it is not too ripe?
Thanksgiving is the main reason of TV dinners. Is the statement true or False.
How much the Turkey weighed that was pardoned by Donald Trump in 2017?
Name the tallest Balloon, which is 64 feet long?
Which balloon was the first in Macy's Thanksgiving Parade?
The aspect of eating Turkey at the Thanksgiving Day becomes a common practice in Canada. Who brought the tradition to the country?
What's the natural lifespan of the Turkeys?
In 2016, how many character balloons were created for Macy's Thanksgiving Parade?
Who voted for Turkey to be the national bird?
The first NFL football game took place on Thanksgiving Day in 1934. Which two teams participated?
The average amount for the food of 10 people at Thanksgiving costs how much?
What's the typical slaughter age of Turkey?
How many states of America provide two-thirds of the Turkeys used at Thanksgiving Day?
Turkeys can drown if they look up in the rain. True or False?
According to scientists, Turkey is the main reason of drowsiness. True or false?
Name the famous rock where the Pilgrims landed?
Name the animated movie, which revolves around pardoning of a Turkey on Thanksgiving by the American President?
Name the Turkey pardoned by President Donald Trump in 2017?
The longest balloon in Macy's Thanksgiving parade was 77-feet long. Name that.
Female Turkeys gobble. True or false?
Before the recent type of thanksgiving, what was it celebrated for in 1611?
Name the amino acid found in Turkey?
Of all cranberries that are consumed in the U.S. per year, about many are eaten on Thanksgiving?
In Macy's Thanksgiving parade what has always been the last float?
Since 1927 to 2016, how many characters participated as Balloons?
The meaning of Thanksgiving is?
What's the other name for Thanksgiving Day?
Who changed the early fast of thanksgiving to a feast?
Name the first Turkey pardoned by President Obama?
In 1924, how many employees participated in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade?
Who explored Canadian Thanksgiving?
What's the running speed of wild turkeys when they are frightened?
Until 1682, who made the most of Thanksgiving proclamations?
Name the American President who first pardoned a Turkey on Thanksgiving Day?
Before 1536, how many church holidays were there?
People of which American state consume the highest amount of Turkeys?
What was the reason behind changing the day of thanksgiving in 1939?
Leiden's autumn thanksgiving celebration in 1617 become the occasion for sectarian disturbance. What's that called?
Who proclaimed the first nationwide Thanksgiving in America?
I wish the bald eagle had not been chosen as the representative of our country! Who said that to his daughter?
Which year the first TV dinner introduced to the public?
How many years Thanksgiving was celebrated on the third Thursday?
What was the path of Macy's Thanksgiving parade in 1924?
The full name of Wampanoag is?
Elephants were a part of Macy's Thanksgiving Parade in 1924. True or False?
The Greek Goddess of Corn is:
Each year, how many volunteers march along in the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade?
Thanksgiving is harvest celebrations. True or False?
Which American president was against the idea of Turkey as a national bird?
Name the table added to the Thanksgiving meal in the 19th century?
What did Ohio Dale built in 1998 for celebrating American Thanksgiving Holiday?
How many days the Mayflower voyage took to reach the New world from England?
