Which hit song featured the following lyric: (The love we share seems to go nowhere and I've lost my light)
Who sang the title track of the late 80s James Bond film license to kill?
The Magic Number was a 1989 hit for the band De La Soul. Which album of theirs did it appear on?
Which 80s Clash song, when re-released in 1991, went straight to number one in the UK?
Which Duran Duran song opened with a sample of laughter from the keyboardist's girlfriend?
Complete the Kate Bush lyric, from her 1985 song Hounds of Love: Now the hounds of love are hunting. I've always been a coward
What was the band's name who scored mid 80's a good hype?
Which band, apart from Ultravox, did Midge Ure enjoy chart success with during the 1980's? (not Band Aid either)
The pencil-sketch animation technique used in the A-ha video Take on Me was known as what?
How many singles were released from the Prince album Love sexy?
Which British band had the massive hit Fools Gold?
Which one of these songs by The Police did not chart in the 80s?
Now known as a songwriter of hits like the Britney Spears song Toxic, Cathy Dennis was once a solo artist. Which 80s song marked her debut?
Which Grace Jones video featured excerpts from the experimental documentary film Koyaanisqatsi?
Which Pet Shop Boys' song was about the lead singer's Catholic upbringing?
'Need you tonight' was released by which rock band?
Kylie Minogue began her music career in the late 80s. Which one of the following has she not done a duet with?
From which movie the given song is belong to? Danger Zone
From which movie the given song is belong to? The Heat is On
From which movie the given song is belong to? Cruel Summer
From which movie the given song is belong to? In the Air Tonight
From which movie the given song is belong to? Party man
From which movie the given song is belong to? Up Where We Belong
From which movie the given song is belong to? Power of Love
From which movie the given song is belong to? Eye of the Tiger
From which movie the given song is belong to? Don't You (Forget About Me)
From which movie the given song is belong to? The Touch
From which movie the given song is belong to? The Glory of Love
From which movie the given song is belong to? Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now
Which Frankie Goes to Hollywood song was banned on UK radio play in 1984, because of its lyrics?
Talking of lyrics, which Roxette song featured the line: (I'm not afraid, a trembling flower, I'll feed your heart and blow the dust from your eyes)
Can you name Dweezil's first album?
Who sang 'Oh Yeah' in 1985?
The French song Joe le Taxi, by Vanessa Paradis, charted at what position on the UK chart?
Which Eurythmics song featured the lead singer entering a derelict cottage in a nightgown?
Who topped the UK Charts with 'If I Was' in 1985?
Which popular 80s song begins with the lyrics, 'I hear the drums echoing tonight'?
Who is the lead singer of the Pet Shop Boys?
What is the opening line to 'Club Tropicana' by Wham?
Which rock band released an album called 'Brothers In Arms'?
Which female artist had one of the best-selling UK singles of 1985 with 'The Power of Love'?
From which band Mark King Belong to?
Z - Who sang 'Legs'?
What is the opening line to 'Our House' by Madness?
Which country does the famous singer 'Billy Ocean' come from?
Which rock band released an album called Saints and Sinners in 1982 which included a hit song called 'Here I Go Again'?
What is the title of the song that earned Whitney Houston the best-selling US single of 1987?
Which male artist sang the lyrics, 'How can you leave me standing? Alone in a world that's so cold'?
Who sang 'Islands In The Stream' with Kenny Rogers?
What was the title of Bon Jovi's best-selling US album of 1987?
Which Irish rock band sang the lyrics, 'And when I go there, I go there with you, it's all I can do'?
Which band is the maker of 'The Harder I Try'?
Which American pop group abbreviated their name to NKOTB?
Who is the lead singer of the rock band Def Leppard?
Complete the missing line from the well-known lyrics by Bon Jovi, 'Tommy used to work on the docks, ...'
What year did George Michael release 'Careless Whisper'?
What is the opening line to Duran Duran's song 'Save A Prayer'?
What was the title of Guns N' Roses' best-selling album of 1987?
Complete the opening line to Spandau Ballet's song 'Gold': Thank you for coming home...?
Which UK motorway was Chris Rea's 1989 song 'The Road To Hell' written about?
Which male artist won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1987 with 'Hold Me Now'?
Which member of Queen wrote 'Who Wants To Live Forever'?
'Born In The U.S.A' was sung by?
Which 1981 Duran Duran music video was banned by the BBC?
Which song earned Madonna the number one spot in 1989 in both the US and the UK?
What was the year when Michael Jackson's song 'I Just Can't Stop Loving You' reach number one in the UK and the US and broke all records?
Which singer is Gordon Matthew Sumner better known as?
Which famous female singer was cousin to Dionne Warwick and Dee Dee Warwick and god-daughter to Aretha Franklin?
Andy McCluskey was the front man for which band?
Who was behind 'Kokomo' from the movie Cocktail?
What is the opening line to Diana Ross' 1986 hit song 'Chain Reaction'?
From which band James Het field belongs?
Who was the male vocalist with Paul McCartney in 'Ebony and Ivory' in 1982?
Which band released songs in the 80's called 'Bodytalk' and 'Just An Illusion'?
With which song did Bucks Fizz won the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest?
In 1986, which Billboard Hot 100 Number One song was by Bangles?
Prince's (Purple Rain) album, released in 1984, spent how many weeks at number 1 in the US?
In 1980, who had the Billboard Top 40 Pop Singles Number One hit (Funky Town)?
Known for their blistering guitar solos, this band's only certified Billboard Hot 100 top-40 hit contained none and came as a surprise (and was sequenced deep into the album) and was on their Signals album. He's a radio receiver tuned to factories and farms. He's a writer and a ranger and a young boy bearing arms. What band had this hit lyrics?
Who was behind (Crazy) and (You Sure Fooled Me?)
Which band sang (Why Me) in 1983?
If someone had asked her who she and her friends were, this young woman would have said defiantly: (We're the kids in America!) Who is she?
Who sang 'Senses Working Overtime' in 1982?
Which band, with a duplicated name, gave us (Broken Wings) in 1985?
Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship, Starship. Whatever you call them, they had a number one song in 1985. Which was it?
This European artist's theme makes the quiz here. (Miami Vice Theme) was a big hit in 1985 for this gentleman. Can you name him?
According to the opening lyrics of Bruce Springsteen's 1980 song (Hungry Heart), in which city did the singer have a wife and kids?
(Mexican Radio): I feel a hot wind on my shoulder, and the touch of a world that is older, turn the switch and check the number, leave it on when in bed I slumber
In 1983, Elton John released a popular song called (I'm Still ________.)
Daryl Hall and John Oates scored a number on single in 1984 with (Out of ____)
UK group The House martins sang this gospel tune, a cover of Chris Jasper's original, taking it to the top of the international charts in 1987. What was the song?
Which singer from New York City had a hit song in 1983-84 with (Break My Stride)?
A top selling tune from 1980 was (Woman in Love) from Barbra Streisand. The question is, who wrote it?
1980 saw Queen hit the top of the charts with their biggest selling chart topper. Bite what?
And she's lovin him with that body I just know it
I'm on the hunt, I'm after you
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken?
Let me tell you 'bout the girl I met last night
Well I like takin off, don't like burnin out, every time you turn it on, makes me wanna shout
Buying bread from a man in Brussels, he was 6 foot 4 and full a muscles
With every breath I'm deeper into you
Distant eyes, losin ground I'm reachin for you, you, you
Music does the talkin, says the things you wanna hear
And I've never been a loser and I just can't lose tonight
I'm gonna buy me a one way ticket, nothin's gonna hold me back. Your love's like a slow train comin and I can feel it comin down the track- whoah
At this moment, you mean everything!
Tried my imagination, but I was disturbed
Making love to you was never second best
I've got to, run away from the pain you drive into the heart of me
So wild, so free, So far from me. You're all I want, my fantasy
If you got the money honey we got your disease
My baby may not be rich, he's watchin every dime
Take your-passion, and make it happen
I think they got the alias, that you been livin under
Had a premonition that he shouldn't of gone alone
And when the night is cold and dark, you can't see you can't see light
Don't drink, Don't smoke, what do ya do?
Don't wanna be a girl like that, do you wanna see a grown man cry?
Somebodies callin after somebody, somebody turns the corner out of sight. Lookin for somebody, somewhere in the night
A week without you, but I forget, two weeks without you and I still haven't gotten over you yet
Strange voices are saying, ah what did they say? Things. I can't understand
Been workin, so hard. I'm punchin, my card
I know just how to whisper, and I know Just how to cry
I was a high school loser never made it with a lady 'til the boys told me somethin I missed
I knew right from the beginning, that you would end up winnin', I knew right from the start, you'd put an arrow through my heart
You got to roll with the punches to get to what's real
Just a look at that girl with the lights comin up in her eyes
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you, it's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
And heart to heart you win, if ya survive
Play the guitar on the MTV
So when you call up that shrink in Beverly Hills, you know the one, Dr. everything be all right
Tin roof...... Rusted
You're givin me the chills baby please baby don't
I knew he must a been about seventeen
With the touch of a velvet glove
It's just another Sunday, in a tired old street
Slight of hand and a twist of fate, on a bed of nails she makes me wait
She's so fine, she's all mine, the girl is all right!
And your friends don't dance and if they don't dance well they're no friends of mine
Your feet are going to be on the ground, your head is there to move you around
Oceans apart, day after day, and I slowly go insane
Guess I should a known by the way you parked your car sideways that it wouldn't last
You're all the things I've got to remember
Let the children's laughter remind us how we used to be
I had a friend, was a big baseball player, back in high school
See yourself, give your freewill a chance, you've got to work to succeed
One likes to believe in the freedom of music
Heirs of the cold war, that's what we've become. Inherited troubles, I'm mentally numb.
Kid can't read at seventeen, the words he knows are all obscene but, it's all right
Sailed away to China, in a little row boat to find ya, you said you had to get your laundry done
I never believed in things that I couldn't see, I said if I can feel it, how could it be
Don't take money, don't take fame, don't need no credit card to ride this train
The school bell rings, you know it's my cue, I'm gonna meet the boys on floor number two
I never meant to be so bad to you. One thing I said that I would never do
Put me in coach, I'm ready to play, today
Just like the white wing dove sings a song, sounds like she's singing
This 1980 tune, taken to the top by Diana Ross, was originally turned down by another top recording artist. Which song did Ross take up the charts?
Who sang (Swords of a Thousand Men) in 1981?
Christopher Cross went to the top of the charts with this way of getting from Point A to Point B in 1980. Can you name the tune?
(Magic) has been the title of a few songs over the course of the Rock Era. The only song with this title to reach the top of the Billboard Hot 100 was sung by this artist (or group) in 1980. Which one?
This 1980 Billy Joel classic begins with (What's the matter with the clothes I'm wearing, can't you tell that your tie's too wide, Maybe I should buy some old tab collars welcome back to the age of jive...) and goes on to describe various old versus new styles in dress, cars and music in general. What song is it?
The first single from Diana Ross's 1980 was (upside down) Motown album (diana). What other Motown artist or band was originally going to record the songs on (diana), but declined?
What town did the group Lipps Inc. sing about in 1980?
Which Australian band recorded the theme for the movie (Crocodile Dundee)?
1980: (Rock With You) was one of the biggest singles of 1980. Rod Temperton wrote this song for Michael Jackson. He also wrote what other major hit for Jackson?
Which of these songs did Weird Al Yankovic NOT parody?
Which Michael Jackson video was later listed in Guiness World Records as 'Most Successful Music Video'?
Who sang 'Fade to Grey'?
Madonna sang 'Just try to understand, I've given all I can, 'cause you got the best of me' in which song/video?
Who performed in the video of 'Always Something There to Remind Me':
Who 'dances on the sand' in the Duran Duran song?
Who 'just called to say I love you?'
Where did Madness sing that their house was located?
Who went straight to the No.1 in 81 with Stand and Deliver?
What colour Door gave Shakin' Stevens an 80s hit?
Which ex Beatle had a hit with Stevie Wonder in 1982?
Whose album Thriller provided several hit singles?
Who was KC's backing Band?
Which Scot had a chart success after Esther Rantzen's The Big Time?
Which BBC Radio station banned Relax?
Ravel's Bolero carted because of which skaters' Olympic success?
Which actor Rober was named in a Bananarama song title?
Which Superstar Rat sang Love Me Tender?
Which Alison's nickname was Alf?
Which Elaine and Barbara topped the charts in 1985?
Which Mrs Andrew Lloyd Webber had a hit with Pie Jesu?
Who had hits as part of Visage and Ultravox?
Who told you that were In The Army Now?
Who fronted Culture Club?
Graham McPherson of Madness was known as what?
Which Kim reached No.2 in 1981, 24 years after dad Marty?
Which Spanish singer had the UK's first chat topper in Spanish?
David Sylvian was part of which Asian sounding band?
David Bowie and Mick Jagger had a hit after which Concert?
Who was the then oldest man in the charts with New York New York?
Who joined Cliff Richard for his 80s Living Doll?
Which TV puppets sand The Chicken Song?
Which red haired Royal liked Lady in Red?
Which future England coach joined Waddle on Diamond Lights?
Who had a Xmas No.1 in 88 after 30 years in the charts?
Who sang backing vocals on Dire Straits' song (Money For Nothing)?
