What's the smallest state of the U.S.
Which state is the Lake Winnebago situated?
What's the longest river in the United States?
Name the largest American state by area?
Where does the Rio Grande river rise from?
In which city the Bristlecone pine found?
In which state, Mount Rushmore is located?
Name the largest lake in the U.S.
Name the capital of Florida.
Which state has the longest coastline in the United States?
Where is Iolani Palace located?
Name the U.S State nicknamed as 'The Land of 10,000 Lakes'.
Where is the mountain Mauna Kea located?
Name the deepest lake of the United States.
In which U.S. State the Atlantic City is located?
The Waipio Waterfall in the U.S, originates from which stream?
Which city shares the border with Canada?
Where is Crater Lake situated?
Name the northernmost, easternmost, and the westernmost state.
How many states have a border with Mexico?
Is Columbia a state or a district?
Which U.S. state has the highest number of endangered species?
Which place has 43 buildings with their own zip code?
In which state the Big Island is situated?
How long is the Niagara Fall Channel?
How many U.S. states are landlocked?
Which U.S. state touches only one state?
Which two states do not share a border with any other U.S. state?
The great Canyon Park is situated in which state?
Which state is the second largest by population?
Name the capital of Arizona.
Name the lowest point of the country?
Name the tallest mountain of the U.S.
How many regions is the country divided into?
Name the highest point of the country?
Which state the Death Valley is situated?
Which lake is located entirely in the border of U.S.?
What is the capital of South Dakota?
Sacramento is the capital of which state?
Where is Lake Okeechobee situated?
Name the smallest state of U.S.?
Name the largest state of U.S.?
Which State is the northernmost community of New England?
Which two states donated land for the creation of Washington D.C?
Name the longest river in U.S.
How much oxygen of the world is supplied by Amazon rainforest?
Name the largest canyon of the world?
Which U.S. city has the largest population of Polish?
Name the place of ever first paved road.
What is the full name of Los Angeles?
Name the only state that enters in Eastern Hemisphere?
Where is the Gulf of Mexico situated?
Which U.S. state is known as the Garden state?
Which mountains of South America are growing higher?
Which river flows through the great Canyon?
In which country Panama Canal is situated?
Which country has the most of the natural lakes?
Name the main Island of Japan?
Which country ranks first in oil and gas?
What is the total height of Niagara Falls?
Where is the Mountain Lhotse situated?
Which only part of the Mid-Atlantic range is above water?
Where is Mountain Thor situated?
Kekes is the highest geographical point of which country?
Which countries share the largest International border?
Which country borders Switzerland to the North?
Who owns the land of Antarctica?
Name the country which is home to the Lake Great Slave?
Name the third largest continent in the world.
In which regions of the world, 99 percent of the glaciers are present?
Where is Nanga Parbat situated?
Which only city is present in Asia and Europe?
Which country covers the 9 percent of the fresh water of the world?
How much is the maximum limit of mountains in England?
How many seas border continent Asia?
How many oceans border continent Asia?
How many countries share their border with Russia?
What is the highest point in France?
How many parks are there in the UK?
In which continent Himalaya mountain range is situated?
Name the largest country in the world by area.
Where is Arabian desert situated?
How many countries are included in North America?
How much area of Egypt is acquired by the River Nile?
What strait divides Morocco and Spain?
Name the highest mountain in the United Kingdom?
Fill in the Blank. The UK is the _____ largest Island of the World.
How many borders the UK shares with Northern Island.
How many oceans have a coast on Russia?
Name the countries which made up United Kingdom.
Name the country which has a boot-shaped?
Where is the River Amazon situated?
Name the animals which are present nowhere than Australia.
How long is the Great Barrier Reef of Australia?
Wellington is the capital of which Island nation?
Name the smallest desert of the world.
Where is the Monge Waterfall situated?
Which river runs through Baghdad?
Name the largest continent of the world.
Where is Thar Desert situated?
Name the smallest continent of the world.
Name the longest river of India?
Where is red sea situated?
Name the largest Island in the world?
Name the largest Peninsula of the world?
In which continent the River Yenisey-Angara situated?
Name the world's largest lake island?
Name the largest desert of the world.
How many rivers are in Russia?
India is how many times larger than Japan?
Name the coldest desert of the world.
Which is the greenest country in the world?
How many seas bordered the territory of Russia?
How many sanctuaries are in Russia?
Which country of Europe has the highest population?
Name the largest Plateau in the world.
Where is River Thames?
Which South Asian country is 12 times larger than UK?
Where the Aconcagua Mountain is situates?
Name the second smallest continent?
Which Scandinavian country lies between Norway and Finland?
Name the Pakistan's longest river.
How many rivers are there in India?
Where is Hulun Lake situated?
Name the third smallest country by area.
Where is the Lake Torrens located?
In which region (continent) the Greenland Island is situated?
Which Island state was formerly known as Formosa?
Which country owns the territory of Saint Pierre and Miquelon?
Which American State could fit the entire world's population, inside?
What's the second largest geographical name of any place?
Which Mountain has the greatest Vertical drop?
How high was the tallest Iceberg of the history?
Which country is the home to Lake Kioga?
Name the continent formerly known as Alkebulan?
Chile shares majority of its border with which country?
Name the driest place on the planet.
What is the highest point of Greenland Island?
In which country the Lake Rudolf is situated?
Which place has no spot more than 125 miles for the ocean?
What is the lowest geographical point of Mexico?
Where is Qogir situated?
Where is the Lake Texcoco situated?
Which sea separates the East African coast and the Saudi Arabian Peninsula?
How many main Islands are there in Bermuda country?
What is Taumatawhakatangihangak oauauotamateaturipukaka pikimaungahoronukupokaiwhe Nua kitanatahu?
Which country surrounds Lesotho?
Where is the Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwyll llantysiliogogogoch village situated?
Which 2 countries have borders with 14 countries?
What is the meaning of the word 'Canada'?
How many Caribbean Islands are inhabited?
How high is the Mountain Puncak Juya?
What is the highest geographical point of Bermuda?
Name the deepest Gorge of the world.
In which country Mount Kilimanjaro situated?
How many Indian states share border with Myanmar?
Name the highest point in Croatia?
How many countries are included in South Asia?
Name the shortest place on the earth?
Which Mountain is closest to the space?
How many countries share border with India?
Which ice sheet has the largest reservoir of fresh water?
Name the smallest river in the UK?
Name the largest river drainage basin of the world.
Nearly half of the land water is drained at which place?
Which lake in Siberia contains more water than any other on the Earth?
Where is Karakum Desert?
How long is the River Thames?
Where is the Lake Eyre situated?
In which country the Lake Assal is situated?
Australia lies between which two oceans?
Name the Mountains situated at the South-Eastern end of Australia?
Name the only sea having no-coasts?
What is the lowest point of Europe?
Niagara falls connects which two lakes?
Which is the longest railway in the world?
Name the lowest elevation in Australia?
Name the oldest mountain in the world.
Name the smallest Island with a country status?
Name the highest point in Australia?
Name the largest sea in the world.
Which two cities are separated by Niagara Falls?
How many cities Trans-Siberian Railway passes through?
How much area of the Earth is covered by the Continent Asia?
Where is the Lake Vanern situated?
Name the lake which is the geographical center of Russia.
Name the world's largest active volcano.
Name the lowest elevation of the Antarctica.
Name the razor-thin country accounted for more than half of the South American western coastline?
Name the monetary unit used in Thailand?
Name the highest elevation of Antarctica.
Where is the world's largest active volcano situated?
How deep is the Japan Sea?
Name the largest swamp in the world.
The total area of Siberia is equal to the area of which country?
What's the other name of the Dead sea?
Name the longest continental mountainous region in the world.
Which volcano exploded in 1883 with the force of 200 megatons of TNT?
What's the coldest desert in the world?
From how many years Ross Island is out of rain?
How many roads in Canada are unpaved?
How much is the depth of Java Trench, Indian Ocean?
What is the lowest point on the Land?
What is the mean radius of the earth?
Name the third largest ocean in the world.
Name the second greatest depth of the oceans.
Where is Arctic located on the Latitude?
Which country is the home to Dudhsagar Waterfalls?
Name three Basin countries of the Lake Victoria.
How deep is the Arctic Basin?
In which Canadian Park Takkakaw Waterfall is located?
When was the Atlantic Ocean approved as Ocean?
Name the highest point of Arctic.
Where is Mt Elbrus situated?
In what city the Brandenburg Gate located?
Old Trafford Stadium is situated near which city?
Each year, which ocean grows one inch wider?
In which country the gardens of Babylon situated?
Each year, which ocean shrinks?
Name the peninsula on which Albania and Serbia are located.
Where is Valdes Peninsula?
Which valley recorded the ever highest temperature?
Which river is caused to flow backwards after the three earthquakes of 1811 and 1812?
Name the ever deepest hole drilled by man with large deposits of Hydrogen?
In which country is the city of Limerick situated?
In which Austrian Park the Krimmler Waterfall is situated?
Tell the name of the northeast part of China?
Name the highest Point in Sri Lanka.
What's the lowest point in Sri Lanka?
Which city is closer to North Pole than New York?
Which place is not in south of North America?
Which place is farther west than St. Diego?
What's the highest geographical point of Pakistan?
Where is Kalahari Desert situated?
Which well-known mountain pass connects Pakistan and Afghanistan?
What is the lowest geographical point of Pakistan?
Which Asian country is slightly larger than West Virginia?
Name the third largest state of the world?
What is the highest geographical point in Japan?
Which state you will enter if you travel in east, north, and west in Stamford or Connecticut?
How old is the lake Mogilnoe?
How much fresh water the glaciers store?
Which continent has a central location on the globe?
Which country completely locks Vatican City?
The Island of Cozumel is part of which country?
Name the second largest country by area?
Name the biggest river in the world.
Which lake of the world has four layers of varying salinities?
Name the longest river of the world.
Name the system that requires one-mile in every five must be straight?
The territory of Amazon Rainforest is stretched to how many countries?
Name the largest plain in the world.
Name the first city which reached a population of 1 million.
Which place acquires 25 percent of the world's forests?
Which canal connects the Red and Mediterranean Sea?
Which European country has the smallest population?
What's the biggest city of the world?
Which continent is the Gobi desert situated?
Which continent is the Sahara Desert situated?
Name the smallest sovereign identity in the world.
Where is the deepest gorge in the world?
How much fresh water the Earth contains?
Name the smallest ocean in the world?
What's the other name of Antarctic Ocean?
Name the largest city in the world by surface area?
Name the largest country in Africa (By area).
Which only continent lies entirely between Northern and Western Hemisphere?
Name the oldest constitutional Republic.
Which country is Angels Falls situated?
Which city has more Jews than Tel Aviv, Israel?
Name the wettest rainforest on the Earth?
Name the smallest country in Asia? (By area).
Name the highest waterfall.
Name the two waterfalls inside the Niagara Falls?
Which continent is joined to two others?
Which continent has more countries than any other continent?
Name the smallest country in Africa (By area).
Which continent is joined to Asia during winters?
Where is Arica desert situated?
Name the driest inhabited place of the world?
Name the hottest place of the world.
Name the wettest place in the world.
What's the average temperature of Plateau Station?
Name the wettest inhabited place of the world?
Which Ocean's coastline sinks four inches in every 100 years?
Where is the Rift Valley situated?
Which new volcanic Island was born in 1963?
Where was Surtsey born?
What's the largest gulf of the world?
Name the largest bay of the world.
Which is the highest lake level in the world?
How much Titicaca is above the sea level?
Name the largest Lagoon?
In which continent is the world's largest river system?
Name the lowest mountain range.
Where is Verdens Ende situated?
Name the world's most southernmost city.
Which country is slightly larger than United States?
Name the longest river system of North America?
In which continent is the Great Bear Lake?
The autonomous territory of Macau belongs to which country?