Name the gas essential for us to breathe?
Name the layer which protects our earth from harmful rays?
What is the nearest planet to the Sun?
In the list of planets, at what number our Earth is?
Name the three states of matter.
Each day, how much a Queen bee eats to produce eggs?
How many bones are there in a human body?
How many teeth an adult human has?
Name the middle layer of planet earth?
Name the inner layer of the planet earth?
How much is percent water present on the earth?
Name the largest planet in the solar system.
H2SO4 is the chemical formula of which acid?
Fill in the blank. CO is the chemical formula of Carbon _____oxide.
What bees use to make honey?
Which element is liquid at the room temperature?
What is the atomic symbol of carbon?
Fill in the blank.100 degree Celsius equal to _____ Fahrenheit.
Name the species which can live on both water and land?
True or false. The sound has faster speed than light.
Name an insect which Does Not has red blood?
Name the organ that pumps blood in the human body.
How many valves are in the heart of human body?
What is not found in the Shark?
Name the most important element of the nuclear bomb?
What is the freezing point of water?
Clouds are made up of what?
Leave a handful amount of coal at a very high temperature for a long time. What will you get?
How many years ago the Cretaceous period have ended?
Nucleons are made up of neutrons and?
A Caterpillar grow up and changes into?
How many elements are there in the periodic table?
What is the other name Deuterium?
How many approximate days our moon takes to complete the orbit around the Earth?
Name the green pigment in plants which is also helpful in absorbing sunlight?
What is the name of the liquid component of the human blood?
Which place in no longer a planet?
All planets orbits around which object?
How many components made up the human blood?
What is the name of the galaxy which contains our solar system?
Which planet of our solar system has 53 moons?
What is the shape of the full moon?
Animal without backbones are known as?
Tell the chemical formula of water?
Name the person who studies the plants?
Name the person who studies animals?
Which two animals can see behind them without moving their head?
Name the most outer layer of our Earth?
Which invisible line dives our Earth into two halves?
How many bones are in the axial part of skeleton?
Two spoons of sugar dissolved in a glass of water makes?
What do we called the lower part of our Earth?
Which pigment determines the color of the human skin?
Name the person who discovered Human cell?
REM stands for?
Where is the smallest bone present in the human body?
Which side of brain controls the left side of the human body?
Name the hot liquid rock surface under the Earth.
Name the volcanic rock which can float in water.
Which planet is nicknamed as the 'Red Planet'?
Which is the longest river on the Earth?
A human skeleton is divided into parts. One is the Axial skeleton and the other is?
Which part of the human body forms the skeletal system but is not a bone?
Name the softest mineral found on the Earth?
Our Milky Way has the shape of which food snack?
At what time the pill bugs are most active?
Name the mineral necessary for our bones?
At the time of birth, a human skeleton consists of how many bones?
Name the seventh planet from the sun.
What is the percentage of Nitrogen in the air?
Quicksilver is the other name of which element?
The animals which eat meat are known as?
Which planet is known as the 'Gas giant planet'?
The animals which feed on plants are?
How many times does hummingbird beat its wings in a second?
Guppies are omnivores or carnivores?
Name the star closest to the Earth.
Name the brightest planet in the night sky?
Europa orbits what planet?
How long Earth takes to rotate once?
Moon borrows light from which star?
Who invented bulb?
Fe is the symbol of which element?
Dmitri Mendeleev invented what?
NaOH is the chemical formula of which known substance?
What is the name of the particular environment in which an organism lives?
What is female mosquito called and causes Malaria?
Name the tallest animal of the world.
The animals who feed their babies on milk are known as?
Group of lion is called?
Name the largest primate animal of the world.
In which only continent the giraffes live?
Bamboo is the diet of which animal?
Dolphin is an amphibian or a mammal?
Which object of the body produces red blood cells?
WBC's stand for?
K is the symbol of which element?
Which animal can store water in its body?
Name the process by which molecules of a solvent tend to pass through a semi-permeable membrane from a less concentrated solution into a more concentrated one.
Name the force which helps in remaining at the ground.
How many poles a magnet has?
