Name the largest mammal in the world?
A group of lions is known as?
Caterpillar grows and develops into?
In which the only continent, bees are not found?
Name the largest animal in the world.
Name the tallest animal in the world.
Which animal is known as the desert's animal?
Bumblebee lives in which country?
A Lion is an herbivorous animal. True or False?
Australia is a homeland of which animal?
Which bird has the largest living span?
Name the world's fastest land animal.
A baby cow is known as?
What is the major food of Giant Panda?
A male duck is known as?
The female deer is known as?
Komodo dragon belongs to which animal family?
Fill in the blank. A dog is known as the _______ hairless.
A female horse is known as?
Through which process, a frog survives a winter?
Is a ram a female sheep or male?
Jackass penguin is the other name of which penguin?
In which two countries American Bison is found?
Mane is the most recognizable feature of which animal?
Which animal was once the symbol of Great Plains?
What is the masculine of an ant?
What is the feminine of a cat?
In Aladin, Rajah is the pet Tiger of whom?
Name the huge snake in the Jungle's book?
Who was Abu in Aladin?
In the Lion King, what was portrayed as a villain?
Asante Sana Squash Banana is the song of which Disney movie?
Who provided the speaking and singing voice for Beast in the Chinese version of Disney's Beauty and the Beast?
Which animated filmed was the last personally supervised film of Walt Disney?
Name the prince in Sleeping Beauty.
Ursula belonged to which Disney movie?
In the Lion King, Musafa and his family lived at which place?
Mickey Mouse, Goofy, and Donald Duck made a brief cameo in which Disney movie?
Andy did not have a dad in which Disney movie?
In which Disney movie Princess Aurora appeared?
Prince charming is a famous character of which Disney movie?
Tad and Rico were the 2 trouble makers in which Disney movie?
Who was the oldest man in the Bible who died at the age of 969?
How many times the word 'Christian' appeared in the Bible?
Who was the tallest man in the bible?
How many brothers Joseph had?
After the flood, what sign did God give that He would not destroy the earth with a flood again?
Lot was the nephew of?
How many words are in shortest verse of the Bible?
The longest verse of the Bible contains 90 words. In which place it is present?
Raven and Dove were sent by whom?
How many sisters Joseph had?
On what day of the creation, God created man?
Who was the wife of Abraham?
Name the two men in the Bible who never died?
How many books are in the Old Testament?
What did King Solomon request for?
How many books are in the New Testament?
Cain and Abel were the children of?
Name the shepherd who had become the second king of Israel?
David had a fight with a giant called?
Who was David's original wife?
Eve means?
Name the woman who rumored that Joseph has tried to commit adultery with her?
In which river Jesus was baptized?
Moses led the people out of which country?
Curse is the last Testament of which testament?
Benjamin was the brother of whom?
On which mountain Moses was given the 10 Commandants?
For the first time, God appeared to Moses as?
Name the wide of Moses?
How many animals of each type Noah brought to the Ark?
How many players are on a cricket team during the match?
What is the national sport of Canada?
What is the de facto national sport of America?
What is the de facto national sport of England?
Name the championship series that the NBA has to end the playoffs?
In which game the word 'love' is used?
In basketball, how many players each team has?
How many players are on Volleyball team?
In 2016, where were the Olympic Games held?
What type of race is a Tour de France?
What is the name of Line Judge in Tennis?
Who won the Football World cup in 2014?
In which game bullseye can be scored?
The first international multi-sport winter event was held in which country?
Name the first international multi-sport winter event held?
In which game, the 'driver' hits the ball at the farthest?
How often is the Football world cup held?
How many players are there in each team of Rugby?
In which game the lightest ball is used?
What is the oldest Tennis tournament in the world?
Which U.S. city invented softball sports?
How many rings Olympic logo have?
Name the fastest racquet sport of the world?
How many panels a soccer ball has?
The famous boxer Muhammad Ali belonged to which country?
Name the area where baseball players wait to play?
Who shot the fastest puck recorded in the history?
Soccer's international championship is known as?
Who won the 2017's IIHF World Championship?
What is rowing often called in America?
Who was the child left at home in Christmas Holidays?
In which year, the famous movie 'A baby's day out' released?
Name the character around which the movie Coco revolved?
What are the small orange men in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory known as?
Queen Elsa is a character of which fictional film?
Which 2016 film was shot in the Islands of Polynesia?
Babe was which animal's name in the movie Babe?
Who wrote Hamlet?
Who wrote Oliver twist?
Name the child who won the last ticket of Mr. Wonka's chocolate factory?
Charlie Bucket's father worked in a?
Which fruit fell on Newton?
What happens every time Pinocchio tells a lie?
Who invented the airplane?
Who invented the radio?
Who discovered America?
Who discovered South Asia?
How many days are in a leap year?
How many sides a pentagon has?
What is the formula for water?
How many continents are in the world?
Name the largest continent?
Name the largest country by population?
What is the capital of America?
What is the currency of England?
What is the currency of America?
Name the president before Mr. Donald Trump?
Which two elements are present in water?
How many elements are there in a periodic table?
What is the atomic symbol of Zinc?
How many planets are there in the solar system?
Name the farthest planet from the sun?
Which region is no more a planet?
Botany is the study of?
Who invented the telephone?
Who named mitochondria as bioblasts?
Who invented the microscope?
Out of 9 major phyla, how many animal groups are invertebrates?
Which force helps us to keep our feet on land?
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Who gave the following law?
Tissues combine to form?
How many bones are there in anew born baby?
How many teeth an adult human being has?
The crust is the inner or outer layer of the Earth?
True or false. Water expands as it gets cool.
Name the brightest and hottest star of our planet.
Triton is the largest moon of which planet?
Name the smallest moon of Saturn with a spherical shape.
What is the chemical symbol of Carbon?
What is the chemical symbol of Oxygen?
What is the atomic number of Potassium?
Who built the pyramids?
Which year did the WWI begin?
Who was the first American President?
Which year the United Nations established?
Which year did the WWII begin?
What was the primary occupation of Florence Nightingale?
Which year the first astronaut walked on the moon?
Which year was Abraham Lincoln assassinated?
How many American Presidents are assassinates since American Independence?
Who was elected as U.S. president in 1961?
When was the Declaration of Independence signed?
Who founded the first settlement in Greenland?
How many regions become states after signing the Declaration of Independence?
Name the first Greek god of love.
In which year, Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon?
Who was the British Minister during WWII?
Who was the Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945?
Name the Roman god of fire.
Which American President ordered to drop the Atomic bomb on Japan?
Who began the Nobel Peace Prize?
Where did the Olympic Games originate?
In 1862, what famous thing Abraham Lincoln delivered?
Where are the pyramids built?
Germany attacked which country, which began the WWII?
In the ancient world, which city was known as the 'greatest city'?
Who invented the light bulb?
Which year the American Civil War began?
How many keys are there on a piano?
Which American singer is known as the King of Pop?
Who is the singer of the album mind of mine?
When was the oldest music piece written?
In which century, the music notes started being used?
Who writes the oldest musical piece?
The boy band one direction based in which city?
Who is no more a member of the boy band one direction?
Justin Beiber belongs to which country?
The Star-Spangled Banner is the National Anthem of which country?
Who wrote the Star-Spangled Banner?
Who was the first to play bagpipes?
Who sang Waka Waka?
Shakira belongs to which country?
Who sang the song 'Poker face'?
Pure imagination is a song of which children's movie?
Which famous English pop girl group was formed in 1994?
Old MacDougal is the former name of which children's songs character?
In the movie Oliver, which song did the orphans sing?
Up above the world so high, like a diamond in the sky. Which poem do the lyrics belong to?
Composer Prokofiev wrote which famous musical composition for children?
Where were you when the world stopped turnin' is about which deadliest terror attack in America?
Which year Demi Lovato released the song cold stone?
