Name the slowest animal of the world.
A snail can sleep for how many years?
For the first few weeks, baby mice feed on what?
A group of lions is known as?
How many heart chambers a cockroach has?
All the six legs of an ant are attached to which of its part?
Which bird is a universal symbol of peace?
Rabbits are born blind. Is that true or false?
Which animal has the highest blood pressure?
Which animal never sleeps?
Do sponges have a heart?
What is the color of an ocelot?
The brown-banded and wood male cockroaches can fly and not the females. True or false?
What's the smallest and recently discovered fish in the world?
A mandrill is what type of creature?
Name the oldest giant panda, which died in 2016 at the age of 114?
Out of twelve, how many Dogs survive in the Titanic disaster?
A group of hedgehogs is known as?
A female deer is known as a?
A baby fox is often known as a pup or cub. What's the other name for it?
Which bird is a symbol of good luck?
Hominoidea is a scientific name of which animal?
Which animal does not drink water?
Which animal has the longest lifespan?
A group of deer is known as?
Where is the heart of the shrimp situated?
Which animal is a Mexican hairless?
The blind Dolphins are found in which river?
How many legs a spider has?
What is the scientific name of the tiger?
Name the smallest mammal of the world.
The group of young pigs is called?
The fingerprints of which animal extremely resembles the humans?
What's the fastest animal on the earth?
How many legs a lobster have?
A Baby elephant is known as a?
A male Turkey is known as?
How many noses slugs have?
The dogs have sweat glands in only?
A Group of giraffes is known as?
How many teats cows have?
A Komodo dragon is which kind of animal?
Name the largest mammal of the world.
Cavy is another name of which animal?
Name the only animal which cannot jump?
The horn of rhinoceros is made up of what?
How much time a does sloth need to digest the food?
Nearly how many glasses of milk a does cow give in its life?
Three percent of the ice in the Antarctic Ocean is the urine of which animal?
The scientific name of the Asian frog is?
How many more times a dog can hear than the humans?
The most common name for a group of the turtle is known as?
Which bird only eats bones?
Which animal has no vocal cords?
What is the favorite food of rabbits?
The python is a poisonous snake. This statement is true or false?
Which animal is unable to fart?
A group of badgers is known as?
How many legs a mosquito has?
The male elephant is known as a bull. What's the name of the female elephant?
Obstinacy is the collective group of which animal?
Which animal has the shortest pregnancy?
A group of elephants is known as?
Name the only venomous snake found in Great Britain?
Which animal's eye is bigger than its brain?
Sparrows are a symbol of what?
Virgin male mice kill the baby mice? True or False.
What's the name of Tarzan's Chimpanzee?
Any bird with webbed feet is known as?
Which bird only drinks rainwater?
The pod is a common group name of which mammal?
Name the smallest mammal in the world.
A honey bee has how many eyes?
Murder is the collective group of which animal?
The leader of the elephants' herd is called?
What do we call a female donkey?
Which cute animal eats sugarcane?
How many legs a crab has?
A group of kittens is known as?
What was the name of the cheetah that has recorded the fastest speed?
Cabbage white is another name of what?
Anura is the scientific name of which animal?
When fishes become capable of feeding themselves; with what interesting name they are known?
Which animal has the longest period of pregnancy?
Name the smallest reptile of the world.
A common lady bug has spots of which color?
A group of squirrels is commonly known as dray. What's the other name used for them?
Sika and Roe are which type of animal?
Name the fastest bird in the world.
Basenji is what type of Dog?
Ostrich can fly. Is that true or false?
The Cackle is a name of which group of animal?
The babies of Swan are known as?
The gestation period of a tigress is?
Which animal gives birth through the mouth?
Which bird cannot walk?
Which animal keeps growing till the death?
In certain memory tests, which animal performs better than the humans?
Turkeys are highly social. Is that true or not?
Which mammal can truly fly?
A newborn kangaroo has a size of?
Float and Bask are the common names for the group of which animal?
Name the world's poisonous spider.
How many hearts an octopus has?
Which animal is immortal?
How many legs a honeybee has?
