What are the units for the measurements of radioactive element activity?
What would you get if you mix all light colours together?
What is the symbol of element silver?
How much patents did Thomas Edison filed alone?
What does ATP stands for?
What is trepanning?
What does ADP stands for?
What is affecting the services of Earth, either meteor or meteorite?
What is the shortest magnet of the Universe?
Which is the hottest planet of the solar system?
What is temperature on Venus?
Why does eyesight change as you get older?
What is the distance of moon from earth?
Where sound travels faster, either in water or air?
What is the opposite of matter?
What is the amount of salt in average human body?
What is the reason for popping up of bubbles?
Which is the first law of conservation of energy?
How many bones are there in human body?
What is Xylem?
What quantity of dust in homes is made of human skin?
Can humans lick their elbows?
Will there be any impact on your height if you go to space?
What is manometer used for?
Which organisms are known as the oldest fossils?
What is a buret?
Where the Blue - Green Algae were first found in fossils?
What is the unit Scoville Heat used for?
What is a tomato, either a fruit or vegetable?
Where is the largest known meteorite crater on Earth?
What name is given to the planets located outside solar system?
Which blood type is the rarest in the humans?
What is the percentage of AB negative blood type in humans?
Which of the Australian timber has made the London Docks?
What is the name of Sydney Blue gum?
What is the basic cause of Aurora?
Which substance is the hardest in the entire human body?
Which is the longest type of cell in human body?
What is the function of bile in human body?
Which is the only metal to be liquid at room temperature?
Who is the inventor of battery?
What is the pyrogen?
Who has more hair follicles, blondes or brunettes?
What is the location of Pinna in human bodies?
What does DC stands for?
Name the only Australian mammal who is restricted to the alpine environment?
What is the age of the Sun?
What happens when lightening hit the tree?
What is the name of the tallest grass of the world?
What is the average height of Bamboo?
Is Obsidian an igneous, sedimentary or metamorphic rock?
Name the country having longest coastline?
What is the cause of Tsunami?
What is dust?
When was the first ever seismograph invented?
Where was the first ever seismograph invented?
Is the stratosphere above or below the troposphere?
What is the temperature of human body during digestion?
Name the three smallest bones in human body?
What is the size of normal human body?
Name the longest living structure on earth?
What name is given to animals and plants collectively?
Name the oldest living thing known living on earth?
What is the highest recorded surface wind speed on earth?
Where was the highest speed of wind recorded?
Which chemical causes the burning taste sensation when eating chilies?
What is the coolest layer of atmosphere?
What is the average heat of lightening?
What formation on Earth can have the names tabular, blocky, wedge, dome, pinnacle, dry dock, growler or bergy bit?
Name the crystalline formation in the caves?
What is the function of manometer?
Which planet is closest to the sun?
What is the composition of sun?
Where is the Suez Canal located?
Is sun also rotating?
What is the size of Milky Way?
Who was the last president of the Soviet Union?
What political system was gradually dismantled in South Africa, starting in 1989?
Where is Pisa tower located?
What is the age of earth?
What is the age of this universe?
Which of the planet is rotating fastest?
How fast Jupiter do rotates?
Where is the Pyrenees located?
Where is the Golden Gate Bridge located?
What star other than the sun is closest to the earth?
What Milky Way actually is?
Why a duck's quack doesn't echo?
What bird was domesticated first?
What is Pisa tower known for?
How many bones are there in the human body?
How many bones are there in infant human body?
What percentage of dust is made of human bodies?
What trepanning is?
Which is most dangerous among bees, snakes, house flies, or sharks when attributed to human deaths?
What do house flies carries causing human deaths?
What do bile juice contains at most?
Which is the chemical causing burning sensation when eating chilies?
What is the temperature required for the conversion of graphite in to diamond?
What is pressure required for converting graphite in to diamond?
Define buret?
Which of the noble gasses is having A as its first letter.
What is white gold?
Why nickel is not used for white gold?
What is the fool's gold?
What is the symbol of silver?
What is the symbol of Gold?
Which element can burn on the surface of water?
What is Latin name of Tin?
Which is the first ever element created in laboratory?
Name the lightest element?
What is the name of salt formers elements?
Name the largest part of human brain?
What is the name of coloured part of human eyes which is controlling the light passing through the pupil?
What is the name of substance which is giving skin and hair its pigments?
What are the muscles known which are found in front of thighs?
What are the chambers of heart known located at the bottom?
Of which substance the nails are made of?
Which is the human's body biggest organ?
What is the inner most part of the bones known as?
Is average adult human body having over 500 bones?
What is the second name of human voice box?
What are the two holes of human nose known as?
What is the optical phenomenon in the fringe pattern of CD?
What are the exchange particles in the quark-quark interaction?
The pollutants which move downward with percolating groundwater are called?
What is the function of human tongue?
On what is the principle of working of rockets based?
What is in the human tongue for tasting different things?
What are the bones known which makes up the spine?
What is the shape of human's DNA?
What is the shape of RNA?
What are the bones around the chest known as for protection of heart and lungs?
What is the flow of blood form heart to all parts of body known as?
What is the name of the long pipe that shifts food from the back of your throat down to your stomach?
Which part of human body is serving purpose of maintaining balance?
The outside layer of skin on the human body is called the?
What is the cause of maximum deaths in the United States than lightening?
What is given to wood whose normal cells have been replaced with mineral deposits?
What is the type of pollination caused by birds?
What are rodents?
Who many incisor teeth do rats have?
What is the percentage of fire related deaths due to smoke inhalation than the burns?
Fraction of volume of ice seen outside when immersed in water?
What is the name of fruit similar to plantain?
Which president is acknowledged as the world' authority on American game animals?
What is DMM?
Until now how many people have landed on moon?
Which is the fastest terrestrial animal?
In which country the greatest tornadoes occur?
Name the drug known as wonder drug?
Whom used the wonder drug at its initial times?
When was penicillin made pubic?
Which is the saltiest sea in the world?
Which colour indicate Highest Temperature?
Why Dead Sea is known as Dead Sea?
What type of beetle is the scarab worshipped by Egyptians?
What is effect on your weight as you go down in to earth?
What is fog?
What is smog?
Which scientists are studying the motion?
Which is the force resisting motion of different objects?
Which ball would travel long distance if launched from catapult either cotton or iron ball?
Why do cotton ball do not travel long distance if thrown?
Which law of motion says that it is harder to move something with a larger mass?
Which force is pulling earth towards its centre?
Who gave the laws of motion?
Will adding weight to your car affect its motion?
What is the light year?
Which law says that an object in motion will stay in motion unless another forces changes that?
Which law of motion say that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction?
What is acceleration?
What is force?
If you hit a golf ball, a cotton ball, and a baseball with an equal amount of force, which will accelerate the most?
Define weight?
What is LPG?
What does LPG contains?
What force is used for the launching rockets?
Which of the following best explains why your body leans to the side when taking a sharp turn in a car?
Which component of soil is made of the living materials previously?
What is the name of scientist who studies plants living or dead?
Who studies the living animals?
What is the part of flower having the charge to perform photosynthesis?
How plants make their food?
What does coffee contains?
What is the name of gadget used for the detection of feeble current?
What does ammeter reads?
What are the leaves called that people use to flavor their food?
Which of the component of soil is absorbing water at most?
What is the most important factor for the conduction of photosynthesis?
What part of the flowers are containing the pollen?
What are the tiny tubes called inside the stem that bring water from the roots to the rest of the plant?
If you put an insect and a plant in airtight container, what can you expect to happen?
Which part of the plant is going in to the ground for the deliverance of stability and absorbing water?
Is sunlight a must for the process of pollination?
Through what the plants are using their life cycle?
What is not considered as the fruit scientifically?
From where does the plants are getting energy?
Which part of the plant attracts insects to help with pollination?
What is the most important for living things to live?
Why do we eat?
