What is the state dessert of Arizona?
What is the national spirit of America?
In 1963, which state sold the first fried dill pickle?
Name the state which is the birthplace of Cheeseburger?
What is the national dish of Germany?
What is an Indian dish but the national dish of England?
Stamppot tastes best with?
Which soft-drink was originated in North-Carolina?
Fill in the blank. Canada is known as the inventor of butter ____.
Name the state which is famous for their third largest production of juicy peaches?
What is the state vegetable of Oklahoma?
In 1930, which food made its debut in Pennsylvania?
Name the main ingredient of mince-pie.
Name the only U.S state which grows Coffee beans?
Name the national drink of Scotland other than whiskey.
In 1919, Florence Cafe Casoni created which cocktail drink?
In 2009, which food item declared as the Nation Dessert of Delaware?
Name the most iconic food item in Chicago city.
What delicious thing is illegal to sell in Newark after 6 p.m., without a doctor's note?
What is the national dish of Italy?
Who and which city of Italy often credited with inventing the first pizza pie?
Which date the do Americans celebrate Nation Sandwich Day?
Which food was rationed after WWII but not during the war?
Name the American who invented condensed milk?
Name an occasion on which Pumpkin pie is prepared in the United States and Canada.
Who invented Pie pastry?
Name the most ordered food in America.
Canola is an abbreviation for what?
Who invented Coca-Cola?
In which American state, Coca-Cola was first sold?
Name the first food consumed on the moon in the Apollo 11 moon mission?
Name the sandwich which has connotations with the American Pilgrim fathers and Thanksgiving Day?
Who invented iced tea?
Name the oldest drink of America?
Spanish tortilla is an alternative name of which food?
Bacons and prunes are the main ingredients of which food?
Which delicious and famous food item formerly known as a cure for diarrhea?
Sweet egg tarts originated from which country?
Name the popular American snack cake produced and sold by Dolly Madison and Hostess?
Which pie is made up of beef?
Which American food Charles Jung invented?
Where is the oldest McDonalds' franchise in America?
In USA, which 50 percent of the food crop of Georgia utilizes in the manufacturing of Peanut Butter?
Popcorn town of America?
Ice cream capital of the world?
The official state pie of Florida is?
Cured Salmon is the main ingredient of which food?
Red Vines is a popular brand of what type of candy?
Name the first soda (pop) manufactured in America?
What is the American food variation for the French Fries?
Name the salad invented in 1937 by Bob Cobb?
Which American food item is rumored to survive a nuclear attack?
Name the American credited for making Ice cream sandwich?
Name the first Pizzeria of the United States.
The Netherlands is famous for which Dutch cow's cheese?
Which food is a part of the culinary legacy of southeast Mexico?
A type of French Stew known as Bouillabaisse is made up of what?
What is the national drink of Turkey?
What is the national food of Italy?
In 1875, Daniel Peter invented which delicious drink?
Name the countries which made the Chocolate Easter for the first time?
Cassoulet is a dish belongs to which European country?
Name the state-prepared food of Georgia.
State snack of Iowa?
Goulash belongs to which country?
Official state fruit of Utah?
State Pasta of Iowa?
State soft drink of Maine?
Seaweed is traditionally used to wrap which food?
In 1993, what drink the Rhode Island adopted as the state's beverage?
What is the official state bread of South Dakota, which has its origin Navajo tribe?
The Pizza 'Capricciosa' is incomplete without?
In Tennessee, what food item firstly made at the Chattanooga Bakery?
A milk can dinner belongs to which state of America?
Which European country is credited for the invention of hot dogs?
According to Huffington Post, what is the most popular pizza topping in America?
According to The Independent, what is the most popular Pizza topping of UK?
Name the Italian Pizza with Tomato sauce and Mozzarella?
Name the sweet flan that looks like an Iceberg?
Official state dessert of Massachusetts?
How many American states have adopted different fruit pies as their official state food?
For which food Peru is known for?
From which country, the superfood Acai berry comes from?
Name the infusion made from Yerba plant and served in gourd with a metal straw?
During the WWII, what alternative name was used for the hamburgers?
(You deserve a break today) is a slogan of which fast food chain?
Name the traditional yeast bread of Chile.
Beetroot is the main ingredient of which traditional Eastern soup?
Which European country Serrano ham is from?
Arepas belongs to which Latin American country?
What is the state prepared dish of Connecticut?
Which scale is used to measure the spicy heat of peppers?
Which stew originated in Louisiana?
State fruit of New York?
Pecan pie is the state dessert of which one?
What is the state appetizer of Rhode Island?
Before the day of Ash Wednesday, what food item is traditionally eaten in UK?
What is the topping of cottage pie?
Baklava belongs to which country?
State food of South Carolina?
State dish of Texas?
Meat and potatoes mentality of America is of which two foods?
