Who was the only female solo artist to have a #1 hit single without releasing an album?
What famous star appeared in Paula Abdul's (Rush, Rush) video?
What was Blur's first number one single in the UK?
Which group's debut album (named after a London suburb) had a Pet Shop Boys song cover?
Which 1993 video began with a girl holding up a play card that said, (Once Upon A Time)?
Connect Lulu and Dan Hartman to a 1990s group?
Fastest selling debut record, best selling single of UK charts in 1996?
Which Steven Kapoor song was included in the soundtrack for (Dumb and Dumber)?
Which female artist released a song called 'Hero' in 1993?
What is the title of MC Hammer's most successful single of the 90s?
What song is it, 'Solitary brother, Is there still a part of you that wants to live'?
Which Swedish pop group's founding members are Jonas, Jenny, Linn and Ulf?
Who is the singer of the song, 'Look into my eyes - you will see, what you mean to me'?
Which song of Roxette band was featured in movie pretty woman?
Which 1994 song earned Bruce Springsteen the Academy Award for Best Original Song?
Which Michael Jackson song hit #1 position in 1995 on Billboard 100 Singles Chart?
Who were the three original members of Backstreet Boys?
Which two members of *N SYNC were mouse ketters on the NEW Mickey Mouse Club?
Which rap group was totally crossed out?
Who sang (Hold my hand?)
Which 2 new kids on the block were brothers?
What female movie star worked in Bon Jovi's 'Always' video?
What is Taylor Hanson's full name?
Who Sang A Whole New World?
Who were the only original cast members left on 90210 when the series ended?
Which member of what rap band burned her football player boyfriend's house down?
What singer hit # 1 with a midget in his band, who passed away towards the end of 2000?
Which American female singer released an album called 'The Immaculate Collection' in 1990?
Who am I: I was born in Sydney, Australia in 1975. I appeared in neighbours in the 1990s and later began a career in singing. I released a song called 'Torn'?
Who sang the hit song from the Titanic movie, 'My Heart Will Go On'?
Which 1996 song by Toni Braxton includes the lyrics 'I cried so many nights?'
Which member of O-Town is the only one out of his 38 cousins not attending college?
Name this 1990's song 'I stop and stare at you, walking on the shore, I try to concentrate, my mind wants to explore'?
What song by Katrina & The Waves won the 1997 Eurovision Song Contest for the United Kingdom?
From which 1997's rock band, Chris Martin, Jonny Buckland, Guy Berryman and Will Champion were belonged?
Who was the lyricist of the song 'A Million Love Songs' by Take That?
Who was the lead vocalist of Nirvana?
Which Queen song includes the lyrics 'But life still goes on, I can't get used to, living without, living without, Living without you by my side'?
Which Spice Girl was nicknamed Sporty Spice?
Who had a US number one in 1992 with 'This Used To Be My Playground'?
What year did Michael Jackson's 'You Are Not Alone' reach number one in the UK and the US?
Which rock band was behind number one hit with the song 'The Fly' in 1991?
What is the opening line to Elton John's 'Something About The Way You Look Tonight'?
Which male artist released a bestselling album in 1991 called 'Diamonds And Pearls'?
Which famous male vocalist was born in Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou?
Give the title of Whitney Houston's best-selling album in 1992?
What is the opening line to Robbie Williams' hit song 'Angel'?
Who is the main vocalist of West life?
Name the song, 'She came from Greece, she had a thirst for knowledge'?
Who were the main vocalists behind 'Unchained Melody' in 1995?
Which boy band released a song called 'A Different Beat' in 1996?
When UK hit 'Mr. Vain' was released?
What was the title of Shaggy's 1993 hit song?
Which rock band was formed by the Gallagher brothers from Manchester?
What year was 'Now That's What I Call Music! 19' released?
What's Ween's 1989 First Album?
who sang (Renegades Of Funk)?
How many weeks did Hanson's (MMMBop) stay at the number one postion?
What is Dexter Holland's real name?
What song was sang by D.J's (band) in (Full House)
What movie star danced Mary Jane's Last Dance with Tom Petty?
Which rock band was formed by Damon Albarn, Graham Coxon, Alex James, Dave Rowntree?
Who had a UK top 30 hit in 1991 with 'Wonderful Tonight'?
Which Jamaican singer released 'Iron Lion Zion' in 1992?
What punk band recently released their 6th album titled (Land Of The Free?)
Who was the original drummer for Nirvana?
What is Joey Jordison's (Slipknot) real name?
In What movie did Alice in chains play at a bar? (hint: eddie veder plays at that movie)?
Before they were known as Sugar Ray, what had the band originally been called?
What new band had originally been called Bliss?
What Sound garden song formed a Religious Cult?
Lisa (Left eye) Lopez belonged to which rap band?
Which female singer wrote the Book Called (SEX)?
Who Designs (Sean John) clothing
Which rap star lost the battle with Aids?(Hint-he was a former member of the NWA)
Who was the original Foxy Brown?
Which band had their first #1 hit in 1998 with (I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing)
What were Silver chair originally called?
Who Bumped Michael Jackson Off The #1 Spot In January 1992?
What country do The Hives come from???
This rap remake was sung by a grandma in (The Wedding Singer).
In 1999, who had a number one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 with (Genie In A Bottle)?
Which No Doubt song began with the lyrics, 'You and me, we used to be together, everyday together...'?
Which male artist was behind the released a magical album in the 1990s called 'I've Been Expecting You'?
Which country won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1992, 1993 and 1994?
What model appeared in both Don't Cry and November Rain videos for Guns N' Roses?
Who made the Insane Clown Posse famous?
Which member of Limp Bizkit had a hit (Jump) with the House of Pain?
What's the number one song by Hanson in 1997?
What day did 2Pac die?
In 1990, which American dance group had an international hit with the song (Groove Is in the Heart)?
Who did Jim Steinman, the song's composer, originally give the song (Total Eclipse of the Heart) to record?
All you need is your own imagination/ So use it that's what it's for.
(Where Have All the Cowboys Gone) Who wrote this song?
'Set Adrift on Memory Bliss' which band sang it?
Name this live song: I talk of freedom, you talk of the flag. I talk of revolution you'd much rather brag.
(I Do (Cherish You) which band sang this song?
Which up tempo 1999 song contained these lyrics: I wish that I could fly, into the sky, so very high, just like a dragonfly.?
Name this Radiohead song: You look so tired n happy. Bring down the government. They don't. They don't speak to us.
'Give it to you' who sang this?
Which group had the one-hit wonder (Standing outside a Broken Phone Booth with Money in My Hand)?