Name the first American drama, which reacted to the incident of 9/11?
The first TV advertisement appeared during which game?
Who is the youngest male winner of the American Idol History?
Where was the American crime drama series 'Narcos' was set and filmed?
Shannen Doherty starred which character?
In 2004, who won the 2.5 Million Dollars in a popular game show, 'Jeopardy'?
What was the first TV advertisement about?
What was the name of the President in 'The West Wing'?
Name the Star Trek episode of 1968, in which Captain Kirk kissed Lieutenant Uhura?
Which year the popular children show Sesame Street debuted on PBS?
Which show tries to debunk Urban Legends?
Name the actor who starred as Michael Knight in the 'Knight Rider'.
Name the TV production company of Top Chef and America's Next Great Restaurant?
Which TV series contained an image or reference of Superman in each episode?
The purpose of war is peace. Which character said in the crime drama 'Narcos'?
Who played the role of Chandler's father on Friends?
Name the 13th longest scripted TV show of America?
What was America's first Television Drama?
Which year was the first TV drama broadcasted in America?
What was the family name of the main characters in the Cosby Show, which ran from 1984-1992?
What was the name of Marcel's monkey in 'Friends'?
In which Tv drama, Samantha twitched her nose for magic practice?
What was the apartment number of Monica and Rachel in the first couple of episodes?
Second Time Around is a theme song of which TV series?
Who is the composer of the current music theme of ABC news?
Who hosted the Show American Bandstand which began in 1952?
For how many seasons 'Step by Step' ran?
Which television series firstly used the toilet flush sound for the first time?
In which city the family in 'The Simpsons lived?
What was the costume color of Jeannie's sister in I Dream of Jeannie?
Who wrote the theme song of Full House?
Who played the role of young Kaitlin Cooper?
Stewie Griffin says?
Which actress was never seen nude in the sex and the city?
In the Sex and the City, Cynthia Nixons dyed her hairs red to look like?
Walter' flustered Pizza toss occurred in which season of Breaking Bad?
What did the 'CSI' characters say to make a picture less grainy?
Name the first U.S soap Opera aired on CBS in 1956?
Who lived in a pineapple under the sea?
On the American Television, which TV show was the first to on-air an inter-racial kissing scene?
Which show did become the reason of Sherriff Andy Taylor's fame and getting his own show?
The only time man can be brave is when he's afraid. In which TV serial Ned Stark said it?
Who was the star of Lizzie McGuire?
A typical shoot is 99% scripted and 1% improvisation. Who said that?
How many people Jack Bauer killed in 192 hours?
Who are Blossom, Buttercup, and Bubbles?
Which year the episode titles 'A House divided' aired?
Which year the TV series 'All in the family' began?
In which series Jeannie Harem wore a pink costume?
Gina was the girlfriend of whom in 'Martin'?
Name the first comedy sketch show?
'I'll be there for you' is a title theme song of which TV show?
Name the popular and controversial TV series of 1971 to 1979?
Which only female character and her cat appeared in all the episodes of 'The Teenage Witch'?
Who created the American Comedy series 'Desperate Housewives'?
The quotes of 'Shit My Dad says' are written by whom?
In which fictional city, the Camden family of '7th Heaven' lived?
Who hosted 4thandlong?
Who created the science fiction series Aaron Stone?
Fill in the blank. Peter Dinklage actually eats ________ every time, we see him eating meat.
What family owned a banana stand and drove a stair car?
In which show, Wilbur Post owned a talking horse?
Name the youngest sibling of Alex P. Keaton's in Family Ties?
Name the character of the assistant of Ace Crawford?
Who said it in Breaking Bad? 'I am not in the Meth Business. I am in the Empire Business.
'This is a true story of seven strangers'' Which reality TV show began with this statement?
What serial killer killed the other serial killer?
What Geico advertising characters had a short-lived sitcom?
The sitcom 'Married with children' talked about?
In which era, Charlie's Angels aired?
In the reality TV show 'Survivors', where the contestants are sent to?
Who was the starring star of 'Ace Crawford, Private Eye'?
What is the name of the horse of Lone Ranger?
Name the only regular cast member of the M*A*S*H?
In Two and a Half Men, what falls on Charlie Harper resulting in his death?
Who was addicted to Vicodin?
What is the other name for Adventures in Paradise?
Who was the captain of Schooner Tiki III in 'Adventures in Paradise'?
'You come to the King, you best not miss.' Which famous TV show the dialogue belonged to?
Which year the first American Television Picture broadcast?
Name the longest running 'fantasy-sitcom' of 1960's.
Name the charter boat that shipwrecked in the show 'Gilligan's Island'?
Which TV series ushered a new era of reality sitcoms?
How many years the 'Golden Girls' TV series ran?
Who starred in Murphy Brown?
Who lives in the Wisteria Lane?
Name the show anchored by Tom Brokow?
Which year the first animated series 'The Flinstone' aired?
Name the ever lowest-rated series, aired in 1981?
Wayne and Garth were the best friends in which TV skit?
Name the comedian who used F-word on Saturday Night Live and was fired?
In which TV show, Janet Jackson's nipple made a short appearance?
Who owned the Stratford Inn on Newhart?
Which 2007 series was canceled after airing two back to back episodes?
The 1970s television series Laverne & Shirley took place in which U.S. city?
What is the opening theme of 'Bear in the big blue house'?
Cylons were the evil robots in?
In which city 'The wire' take place?
Name the red cartoon with a high-pitched voice in 'Press your Luck.'
In which state 'Family Guy' take place?
Who played the role of Barber in Andy Griffith's show?
